hello
they came down on the beach just a
handful of left
you should handle the whole group there
were 10 survivors
of flight 117. when did you first
realize that
that something was wrong you have no
idea what any of us are going through
some returned in shock hey wait
don't go but one
how are you feeling i feel great came
back with a gift
that can't be explained your patients
are highly susceptible to external
influence right now
it's my dog he's buried in my mom's
backyard
he died when i was six this fall
how do you know where i live he knows
personal things about me
you have a sister what you should call
her
the line between this world i've been
doing some research about some patients
that
may have developed an extra sensory
perception
and the next doctor your credibility is
on shaky ground
is about to be crossed that crash it's
like
being born again behind the mystery
stay away from me claire stay away lies
a secret
one by one they're all disappearing not
of this world
[Music]
you